On an overcast day, a man and a woman walk by the seaside with a large, lanky dog. A jogger passes them in the opposite direction. The dog pauses to sniff the ground and trots onwards.
Black text on a white screen appears, reading: 'What happens while', followed by a long black line. A man in a suit and tie and talking on a cellphone pulls up by the seaside in a white BMW.
Pocketing his cellphone, the bearded man chucks his briefcase in the boot of his car and dons a pair of aviator sunglasses.
White text reads: James, The businessman. Later, James makes another call.
Later, a shirtless James lies back on his beach towel on the sand.
Looking weary, he places his hands on his eyes, then trails his fingers through the pale sand.
Frowning, James sits up.
He looks distracted.
James hangs up, then with his brow furrowed, he stands, wearing only his boxer briefs, on the seemingly deserted beach.
He walks near the calm water's edge, scanning the horizon.
Looking pertured, James continues looking away from the water, his eyes darting. He ambles back to his pile of clothes and puts on his grey business shirt.
Later, now fully clothed, James marches down a street lined with leafy trees.
He slowly makes his way up a steep, craggy slope with dry vegetation. A man taps his finger on a takeaway coffee cup.
Wearing a singlet, the man has a greying beard and frizzy hair. He gives a wry smile and looks down.
He traces his finger around the white plastic lid, then removes it. Examining the dark liquid contents, he holds the cup to his mouth, pauses, then takes a sip.
White text reads: Rick, The retiree. Rick sits on a wooden chair in a leafy urban park. Hejiggles his knee as he continues sipping his drink. With a shake of his head, he places the cup on a seat next to him then claps his hands together.
Taking his phone from his back trouser pocket, Rick scrolls through his contact list. He presses the screen to call Craig Anderson and holds the phone to his ear.
Rick looks up, confused.
Rick frowns.
Pocketing his phone, Rick gets up and leaves his takeaway cup on the seat. He casts his eyes skyward as he walks away. A woman with tightly curled brunette hair holds a penci!to her mouth.
A woman with tightly curled brunette hair holds a penci!to her mouth.
White text reads: Jess, The student.
Checking behind her laptop, Jess locates her phone under a pile of papers.
Jess disconnects the call and looks around, her eyes roving.
Later, Jess is outside, making her way through the grassy foliage on a slope before trotting out of sight.
Jess emerges on to a dry plateau under a cloudless sky where Rick and James stand. James gives a small shrug, and Rick gestures to his ear.
James nods. Jess' eyes widen.
James shields his eyes as he looks up into the harsh sunlight.
The trio glances at each other, and Rick and Jess shake their heads.
Rick raises his arms.
James shakes his palms.
Rick follows him. After a moment's thought, Jess also follows.
She jogs to catch up and falls in line between Rick and James, who put an arm around her shoulders.
The trio head off the plateau and towards the scrub. Cut to black. A woman is on the phone while pegging out washing.
Subtitles read: No, I couldn't. I have to finish, really.
No! What are you talking about? Of course, yes, our luggage is ready.
Listen, I cannot talk right now. I have to leave you. White text reads: Zoe, The next one.
Under a partly-cloudy sky, a wide and sandy beachfront and parking area. A jogger runs from the right, while at left a couple walks a large dog.
A title: What happens While
Emerging from a white sedan, a man with a trim, reddish-brown beard holds a phone to his ear and pulls a briefcase out of the car.
Wearing a dark suit, his tie loose at the collar, he exchanges his briefcase for a striped cloth bag from the trunk.
He glances toward the beach, pulls sunglasses from his coat’s vest pocket, and puts them on.
A title: James, The Businessman. Now, looking at his phone, he steps along the beachfront.
A piece of clothing and a towel lie in the sand. James lies back, naked from the waist up. He rubs his eyes then fingers the sand.
He looks side to side.
He looks around himself.
James stands, and wearing gray swim trunks, strolls toward the water but turns away and trudges on the sand several paces. Finally, he turns back.
He looks to both sides then moves on.
He dons his shirt.
Next, in his suit but without the tie, James strolls a tree-lined walkway. Then, he climbs up a hill along a sandy path bordered by bushes and dry scrub.
Now, a man taps the side of a coffee cup.
He looks up and grins.
He shakes his head.
he traces the lid of his cup with a finger. In a tank top and with a gold chain around his neck, the man has a salt-and-pepper beard and straggly, wind-blown hair.
Removing the coffee cup lid, he sips from his coffee.
Rick, The retiree.
Seated in a chair between two other chairs, he puts down the lid while tapping his right foot swiftly. Behind him, foliage and tall trees.
He puts down the cup and claps his hands before retrieving a phone from his pocket.
He scrolls through contacts and selects "Craig Anderson".
Shakes his head.
Looks up and side to side. Knits his eyebrows.
Moves his right hand back and forth.
He looks around.
Glancing to each side, Rick strolls along a concrete walkway, his coffee cup still on a bench.
Next, with foliage in the background, a young woman with long, curly, red hair sits at a laptop and papers. She brings a pencil end to her lips.
Jess, The student.
She rummages through her papers.
Jess looks to both sides and up.
Jess gathers her things.
In a jacket and scarf, Jess steps up an embankment past tall grasses. Turns abruptly, then continues on.
Now, Jess, Rick, and James, all looking to the sky and around, meet on a stretch of sand.
All three glance up and about, quizzical looks on their faces.
James nods.
His finger sways like a metronome.
Rick nods.
Rick shrugs and shakes his head. Jess shakes her head.
Arms outspread.
James and Rick turn and step away.
Jess joins them. Their figures are tiny against the stretch of sand and foliage beyond.
A woman on a phone, hanging laundry.
No, I couldn’t. I have to finish, really. She looks up. No! What are you talking about? Of cours yes, our luggage is ready. She looks arround.
Listen, I cannot talk right now. I have to leave you.
Zoe, the next one.
A nearly-empty beach beside a sea. A couple wears jackets as they stroll with their large Great Dane.
A male runner jogs past. The dog trots and sniffs the sand. It follows its owner along the coast.
Words appear: What Happens While… with a long, blank line at the end.
A slick, white car approaches, driving on the grey asphalt. The male driver sits alone inside and speaks on his cell phone.
He looks aggressive as he bangs the steering wheel. He gets out. He wears a business suit.
He grabs items from the trunk.
He mutters and stares disdainfully at the phone as he hangs up.
His pale skin looks cool and soft in the muted sunlight.
He puts on dark aviator, sunglasses.
Words appear: James, the Businessman
He walks along the nearly empty beach carrying a beach bag. He makes a call.
Now, James lies back, bare-chested, on a towel in the sand. His brownish, stubbly beard and chest hair almost match the ground.
He exhales hard, then rubs his closed eyes. He stays up by the setled sunlight and gently moves his fingrers through the sand.
He sits up.
He looks left...and right.
He looks at the sand around him.
James gazes around, looking confused. He stands up, wearing his boxer shorts on the secluded beach. 
He walks along the water's edge.
He suddenly turns to the left and looks as if he's following the sound. A city's skyscrapers rise in the distant coast.
He pauses, then starts back toward his towel in the sand.
He turns again toward the sound.
He wanders closer to the waves along the shore. James looks puzzled, and peers around the beach.
The sky is hazy-white, without distinguishable clouds or sun. James walks away from the water, scanning around with his eyes, as if trying to locate the mysterious sound.
Standing at his towel in the sand, he grabs his shirt and begins to put it on. He furrows his brow, looking inquisitively at the air.
Now, James wears his suit and walks under large, leafy trees.
His unsmiling, serious face stares forward.
James climbs a dirt trail, up a mountain covered in short, dense bushes and cactuses.
Now, fingers lightly tap on a to-go coffee cup.
An unshaven older man with messy, longish, grey hair gazes around, looking bored.
He stares down at his hands and the coffee cup, circling his fingers around the plastic lid.
He removes the lid and raises the black coffee to his mouth.
The man hesitates, then gulps from the small cup.
His eyes look moist and glassy.
Words appear: Rick, the Retiree.
Rick sits at a park bench. His right leg twitches, bouncing up and down in tiny movements.
He sits alone and takes another sip of his coffee.
He sets his cup on another bench.
He stares up at the trees and looks restless as he claps his hands.
Rick scrolls through the many contacts on his smart phone.
He pauses on the ""C"" names.
He selects a contact named ""Craig Anderson.""
He darts his eyes up curiously.
Rick stares around, looking pensive.
Rick wanders off along a park trail, leaving his coffee cup on a bench.
Rick wears a loose, green tank-top and jeans. He looks up and turns around, as if he's scanning for the sound.
Now, a young woman looks tired and gazes at an open laptop.
She bites on the end of a pencil. Words appear: Jess, the Student.
She fumbles around the desk, searching for her phone.
She lifts papers and find the phone.
Jess answers.
Jess glances around the room. She peers left...and right. She touches her thick, curly, brown hair.
She stares into the silence, looking puzzled.
She jolts up.
Now, outside, Jess hikes up a hill. Tall grass and plants cover the ground. Jess wears a coat and walks around, scanning with her eyes. The sun shines off the greenery. She stops and stares. Then, she continues hiking up.
Now, Rick, James, and Jess gather together in a bright, sandy clearing.
Rick points to his ear.
The three stand on the empty, sun-bleached ground, looking bewildered.
They look everywhere, as if trying to find the source of the voice.
James' face looks panicked.
Rick grips his head with one hand.
Rick nods.
James quickly peers at Rick. Rick shrugs and shakes his head. Rick looks at Jess.
James smiles with closed lips.
Rick follows James across the pebbly ground.
Jess looks down and smiles thoughtfully. She glances at the other two, then quickly runs to them. She walks between James and Rick. James softly places his arm around her shoulder. The three walk together across the dusty ground, heading toward the leafy plants and gentle mountain. The image disappears to a black screen.
Now, a woman speaks on a cell.
Subtitles: No, I couldn't. I have to finish, really.
She gazes up. No! What are you talking about? Of course yes, our luggage is ready…
The woman furrows her brow. She looks around again. Listen, I cannot talk right now. I have to leave you.
Words appear: Zoé, the Next One.
A title: What Happens While... with a long, blank line at the end.
In the distance, a couple walk their dog along an urban beach. They pass a jogger running in the opposite direction. The dog stops to sniff at something on the sand.
Responding to the whistle, he pads after his owners.  Words in black letters on a white background. what happens while, followed by a long black line.
A white saloon pulls up alongside the beach wall. The male driver is on his mobile.
The man in his mid 30's with a sandy beard, sighs with annoyance.
Wearing a work suit, his tie loosened at the collar, he puts on a pair of sunglasses.
In white letters, JAMES,the business man. James walks along the promenade with a beach bag over his shoulder.
Having taken off his suit, James lies back on a thin towel on the sand.
He runs his hands across his eyes, then lets them drop by his side.
He lets the sand trickle through his fingers.
He sits up to answer the phone.
He looks round for the source of the sound.
He gets to his feet and walks along the sand in his trunks. In the distance, the city of Barcelona is a hazy outline.
He looks towards the top of the beach and then turns to face the sea, puzzled by the high pitched whine.
He walks down to the edge of the water, then turns back up the beach to where he left his clothes,
He puts on his blue shirt, his eyes scouring the sky for the source of the sound.
With his suit back on, but no tie, he walks under a canopy of trees still looking puzzled.
He clambers up a sandy pathway to the top of a steep rocky slope
A middle aged man with unkempt grey hair, heavy brows and a bristly beard taps his coffee cup in his fingers. He wears a green vest and a chain around his neck. His eyes follow a flight of birds and a smile comes to his lips.  He has a tatoo on his upper arm and a chain bracelet on one wrist. He taps the lid of the cup and lifts it. 
He peers at the half full cup of coffee and takes a sip.
In white letters: RICK, the retiree. He is sitting on a bench beneath some trees in full leaf. He puts the lid on the seat next to him and stares at the coffee, his right knee jigging up and down. He drinks up, then puts the cup next to the lid and leans back, clapping his hands.
He reaches in the the back pocket of his trousers and pulls out his mobile phone.
He scrolls through his contact list.
He finds one, taps on the green ring icon and puts the phone to his ear.
He hears the high pitched sound.
Rick gets up, pockets his phone and wanders off leaving the coffee cup on the park seat. He looks up at the sky, trying to locate the source of the sound as he goes.  A girl with ringletted auburn hair, heaves a sigh and chews on her pencil.
In white letters: JESS, the student.
Sitting at her apple laptop, Jess fishes about for her phone.
She rings off, perplexed by the sound,
She looks about her.
Wearing a hooded jacket, she goes outside.
She climbs an overgrown slope, the sunlight reflected on her long ringlets
She scampers off out of view
She runs out onto a sun-bleached beach, where Rick and James are looking about them, in puzzlement.
A disembodied voice.
Rick shrugs his shoulder and shakes his head. Jess shakes HER head
James smiles doubtfully.
As James strolls off, Rick catches up with him. Jess considers,
With a smile, she follows them and all three walk off together.
A young black woman is on the phone as she sorts through her washing.
No I coudn't, I have to finish, really. No, what are you talking about? Ofcourse yes, our luggage is ready.
She looks up towards the sound.,
Listen, I can't talk right now, I have to leave you.
In white capitals, Zoe, the next one,
cut to black.  The title again, in white letters on a black background: what happens while, followed by a long black line. Directed by Nuria Nia
A road running along by the sea. A couple walk their dog on the flat beach and a jogger runs past. The sky above is pale and dappled with light grey clouds.
What happens while. The title ends with just a line. A man parks a sleek white BMW on the road by the sea. Talking on his mobile phone he gets out of the car and opens the boot.
The man put a brief case in the boot of the car and took out a stripy cotton bag. He's wearing a suit. He has short light brown hair and a beard. He puts on a pair of aviator style sunglasses.
James: The businessman. He walks along with the bag on his shoulder and makes a phone call.
Wearing swimming trunks James lies down on a towel on the sandy beach.
He relaxes, rubs his eyes and lets his arms flop out to his sides. He gently caresses the sand with his fingers.
He sits up and answers his phone.
He looks around frowning
James hangs up and tosses his phone aside. He's a craggy faced man in his late forties with a slight paunch. He stands up and walks along the sand as waves gently roll in. The coast curves round in the distance with industrial buildings running along it. James stops walking and turns in the other direction. As the strange sound begins again he stops and looks around.
Heavy browed James frowns and steps towards the water's edge, he continues to look around as he walks along the sand.
James goes back to his things. He picks up his shirt and puts it on.
Fully dressed in his suit and with his shirt open James walks along by some trees. He tramps along a track running up a hill between scrubby bushes. Further up are craggy white rocks.
A man sits tapping a lidded takeaway coffee cup with his fingers. He wears jeans and a dark green vest. He's about 60 with fine shaggy grey hair and a beard. He shakes his head and lets out a long weary breath. He runs his finger round the coffee cup lid then pulls it off. He holds up the half full cup of black coffee and has a drink.
Rick: The Retiree. Rick wears a chain necklace around his neck. He's sitting in the middle of three chairs in a park. He nervously jiggles his right leg up and down, puts the cup on the chair beside him and restlessly claps his hands together.
Rick looks agitated. He takes his mobile phone from his back pocket, opens the cover and scans through his contacts. He stops at Craig Anderson, and makes a call.
At the sound he looks up and frowns.
He looks up again, frowning.
Rick leaves the coffee cup on the seat, gets up and walks away, looking around as he goes. A young woman of about twenty sits at a desk typing. She has long red hair that hangs loose in ringlets.
She restlessly chews a pencil.
Jess: The Student.
She searches for her phone.
Jess finds her phone under some papers and answers it.
Frowning she hangs up and looks around, puzzled by the sound.
She gets up and grabs a coat. Wearing her brown parka she walks up a hill. Tall grass and bushes surround her. She keeps looking around as she goes.
Jess hurries away. Rick, James and Jess stand in a sandy clearing at the edge of scrubland. They look around in confusion. Rick talks on his phone.
Under bright sunshine they all look up, puzzled. A breeze blows around them.
Grasping his forehead he shrugs.
Rick points at them.
Rick nods.
James smiles.
They consider. Rick shrugs and Jess shakes her head.
Rick follows James. Jess thinks for a moment andsmiles to her self.
Jess runs over and joins the other two. They walk off together towards the scrubland.
The screen cuts to black.
A woman talks on her phone as she hangs out washing. She frowns, at the sound. She says: 'No, I couldn't. I have to finish, really. No! What are you talking about? Of course yes, our luggage is ready. Listen, I cannot talk right now. I have to leave you.' She looks increasingly disturbed by the sound: Zoe: The Next One.
A sandy promenade at the seaside in pale dawn light. A man in a tracksuit jogs past a couple with a large dog, which stops to sniff at something in the sand before trotting onwards.
A title on screen. What Happens While...
A bearded man in a suit parks his expensive car by the promenade and gets out while on the phone.
Putting his phone away, he takes his sunglasses from his chest pocket and sighs wearily as he puts them on.
Onscreen. James - the businessman. He's carrying a stripy beach bag.
Bare-chested down on the beach, he flops onto a towel.
Closing his eyes, he rubs his face wearily, then runs his left hand over the sand, letting some of it trickle through his fingers.
He looks around in confusion.
Dropping his phone, he gets up and walks along the seashore in his swimming trunks, scanning his surroundings for the source of the sound. Behind him, city buildings across the water blur against the hazy horizon.
James turns back towards his towel.
Walking back towards the ocean, he looks around him again with an increasingly puzzled expression.
Heading back up the beach, he returns to his belongings and picks up his grey business shirt, still looking around in confusion as he pulls the sleeves over his arms.
Dressed in his suit again, James strolls down the promenade and scrambles up a sandy embankment overgrown with dry shrubs, grasses and cacti.
Two hands holding a takeaway coffee cup. They belong to a thick-set man with a greying beard and fuzzy grey hair. His large eyes look about him.
He taps the lid of his coffee cup before taking it off and smelling the black coffee. He sips it with a look of resignation.
Rick - the retiree. He's sitting on a park bench in dappled shade, wearing an olive-green vest that exposes the chain around his neck and the tattoos on his arm. He taps his right leg restlessly as he takes another sip of coffee, then he puts the cup aside and claps his hands aimlessly.
Taking a phone from his back pocket, he searches his list of contacts before choosing the number of someone called Craig Anderson.
Rick frowns at the sky.
He frowns again.
He leaves his coffee behind as he pockets his phone and walks through the park, scanning the air above his head.
A young woman with springy red-brown curls is studying at her laptop. Jess - the student.
She searches her cluttered desk.
She finds her phone.
Jess looks around her with a puzzled expression.
Outside, dressed in a warm jacket, jeans and a scarf, Jess scans her surroundings, then climbs up an overgrown hillside with the sun glinting on her long, springy hair. She pauses to look around, then hurries onward. At the top of the ridge is a clearing, where James and Rick are standing on an expanse of sandy dirt. Jess joins them.
They all look mystified.
They all look baffled by the disembodied voice.
He shrugs.
With a shrug, Rick shakes his head.
James smiles.
Rick follows James, but Jess lingers behind, looking pensive.
She jogs after the others, and James puts his arm around her as she walks between him and Rick back to the overgrown ridge at the edge of the clearing.
Blackout, then a woman with black dreadlocks hanging washing on a rooftop. She says into her phone, "No, I couldn't. I have to finish, really. No! What are you talking about? Of course yes, our luggage is ready..."
Looking about with a frown she says, "Listen, I cannot talk right now. I have to leave you." Onscreen: Zoe, the next one.
'What Happens While...'
Daytime. A pale grey seafront. A couple walk their dog along a sandy promenade, passing a jogger going in the opposite direction.
What happens while.
A white saloon car pulls up on the seafront and the driver, who is having an animated conversation on his mobile phone, gets out.
The man looks exasperated then reaches into his inside jacket pocket and pulls out a pair of sunglasses, which he puts on. He's around fifty and has a short trimmed beard. James - the businessman. Now, he's walking along the promenade with a striped bag slung over his shoulder.
Having taken off his suit James, who is now bare chested, lies down on his back on a towel he has spread out on the beach. He covers his face with his hands, then holds one arm out to his side and trails his fingers across the sand, allowing it to trickle through them.
James hangs up then stands and walks a little way across the sand, trying to find the source of the pulsing ringing sound.
He walks away from the shore, but as the sound seems to die out, he turns to head back to his towel and belongings, his suit lying in a crumpled heap.
When the volume of the sound increases he looks about, perturbed by the strange trilling.
He heads back to his spot, a frown furrowing his brow, then picks up his work shirt and starts to put it on.
He keeps a wary eye on his surroundings. Later he is fully dressed and walking along a pavement with trees arcing over it.
He heads up a steep, rugged slope, trying to track down the source of the sound.
An unkempt man is holding a takeaway coffee cup in his hands.  He taps the side of the cup then narrows his eyes pensively before smiling and shaking his head. He's in his sixties, has unruly collar length hair tinged grey at the temples and a salt and pepper beard.
He lifts the plastic lid off the cup and peers at the dark liquid inside, hesitates then takes a sip.
Rick - the retiree.
Rick, who is sitting on a wooden chair in the shade of trees with mishapen trunks, sets down the lid of his cup and jiggles one leg at the knee.
He puts down his cup then claps his hands before rubbing them together. He takes a smartphone out of his back pocket and starts scrolling down the list of contacts.
He selects a name, Craig Anderson, then holds his phone to his ear.
Rick sets off, wearing baggy jeans and a vest, looking intrigued by the strange sound. He leaves his coffee cup behind.
A curly haired woman sighs and bites the end of a pencil. Jess - the student.
Distracted by her mobile phone buzzing she searches for it in among the papers scattered around her laptop.
Jess looks about curiously, then lowers her gaze to her books.
Giving up on her studies she heads outside to track down the source of the sound, heading up a grassy slope.
She pauses, then as the shrill sound becomes louder she heads off. She joins James and Rick on an arid patch of land bordered by parched vegetation.
Jess looks confused.
The trio can't locate the exact source of the voice.
Rick shrugs and Jess shakes her head.
Rick heads after James but Jess lingers for a moment, looking thoughtful, then chuckles to herself before joining them. 
James puts his arm around her shoulders for a brief moment, then rubs her back.
A woman talking on a mobile phone while hanging out washing is distracted by the shrill sound.
"No, I couldn't. I have to finish, really. No! What are you talking about? Of course yes, our luggage is ready..."
"Listen, I cannot talk right now. I have to leave you." Zoe  - the next one...
It's an early grey morning at an urban seaside. A couple dressed in warm clothes walk their great dane as a lone jogger rambles past. The sidewalk in the foreground that runs alongside a road is vacant.
A title reads: What happens while BLANK.
A white two-door coupe pulls up in front of the sidewalk. It's driven by a man in his forties who wears a business suit. Talking on his cell phone, he gets out holding a briefcase.
He opens his trunk.
Hanging up, he looks towards the sea.
He dons aviator sunglasses and his shoulders relax.
A title reads: James. The Businessman.
Moments later he strolls with a beach bag as he makes a call.
Still later his suit is balled up beside a towel laid out on the sand.  01:34.17
James lies back with his shirt off . He closes his eyes then rubs them. Relaxing his arms to his sides, he runs his fingers through the sand and squints up at the sky.
 He sits up.
He glances over his shoulders.
Then he searches the ground around him.
He looks inquisitively around his towel then stands and walks towards the water in his black boxer briefs. On the opposite side of the bay, a smokestack looms over a city blurred by the haze. With his back to the cityscape, James walks barefoot in the sand scanning the area.
Giving up he turns back towards his clothes.
He pauses then looks searchingly in the direction of the city as he ambles back to the water.
Then he makes his way to his clothes, still scanning the landscape around him in search of the source of the sound.
He pulls on his light blue button down shirt.
Later, with his suit jacket open, he strolls beneath tall trees.
Then he climbs a well worn dirt path up a slope of cactuses and brush.
Elsewhere, hands tap a take out coffee cup.
A man in his sixties has unruly grey hair and a thick beard. He has tired green eyes.
He shakes his head.
He taps his coffee lid before removing it.
He swirls the dark liquid then takes a swig.
A title reads: 'Rick: the retiree'.  He places the lid on the park bench beside him then blows on his coffee. His right leg twitches impatiently. Sitting in the shade he wears an army green tank top that exposes his black tattoos on his upper arms. He sets down his coffee then claps his hands impatiently. He grabs a smart phone from his back pocket.
He scrolls through his contacts.
Then, settling on "Craig Anderson", he makes a call.
He squints toward the sky.
He squints upwards again.
Leaving his coffee on the bench he scans the sky  before heading off down a gravel path.
Elsewhere a girl in her early twenties with thick curly red hair sits before a laptop. A title reads: 'Jess, the student.'
She searches for her phone beneath a pile of papers on her desk.
Hanging up she surveys the room around her.
Hearing the noise again she stands.
Later outside, she wears a jacket and scarf.
She hikes up an overgrown grassy slope.
Her head turns sharply at the sound and she rushes off behind some tall grasses.
Moments later she joins James and Rick on a sandy plateau atop the hill.
Standing apart from each other they look around in confusion.
Searching for the voice; Rick makes a questioning gesture and James shields his eyes from the sun.
Rick nods.
Rick shrugs and shakes his head.
Rick follows James towards the trees.
Jessica raises her eyebrow then grins.
She chases after the men and James puts his arm around her as they fall into step with each other.
All goes black.
A woman's on her phone and a subtitle reads, 'No, I couldn't. I have to finish, really.'
'No!' she says, 'What are you talking about? Of course yes, our luggage is ready.'
She looks for the sound, then says, 'Listen, I cannot talk right now. I have to leave you'.
A title reads, 'Zoe, the next one.'
all goes black then words on a screen read; What happens while BLANK.
A beach under the pale sunshine. A couple walk by with a big black dog. A jogger runs the other way. The dog stops to sniff the sand. Its owner beckons the dog to come. It trots after them.
Caption: What happens while – blank.
A car pulls up by the beach, silver with sporty wheels. Inside the driver is on his mobile phone.
He undoes his seat belt. Opens the door. Gets out with his briefcase.
He puts his case in the boot, gets out a striped bag.
He ends the call. Puts his phone away. Looks out towards the sea.  Takes a deep breath.
Puts on his sunglasses. He has ginger hair and a beard.
Caption: James, the businessman. James walks near the beach, talking on his phone
James lies back on the beach, barechested.
He rubs his eyes, no longer wearing his sunglasses.
He trickles the sand through his fingers.
He sits up and answers.
he looks round at the sound.
again, he looks around.
He ends the call, looks round, frowning deeply.  He stands, in his trunks, walks out towards the sea.  In the distance are the buildings of a town.  Back out onto the sand, frowning as if trying to determine what the sound is and where it is coming from.
Beyond him the buildings are silhouetted against a hazy sky.
Waves break onto rocks on the shore.
He heads towards the water.
He turns.  He has pale skin, greying hairs on his chest.
He walks back along the beach to his clothes, passing small boats out at sea.  He stoops, picks up his shirt, pulls it on.
A few moments later he walks along a path, in his suit and shirt.
He climbs a winding path up a cliffside, picking his way, in his business shoes.  A takeaway coffee cup in a man’s hands; fingers tap.  A bearded grey haired man with heavy green eyes.  He has a chain around his neck, tattoos on his shoulder, wears a vest.  He shakes his head.  He runs his finger round the lid, removes it, and sips the black coffee.
Caption: Rick, the retiree.  Rick sits on a park bench, in the sunshine.  He drinks the coffee, tapping his foot.
He puts the cup down, rubs his hands, claps them, takes his mobile phone from his back trouser pocket, scrolls through the contacts. He selects a Craig Anderson and presses call icon.
He frowns at the sound.
He looks up, listening.
He stands; he sets off, leaving his coffee cup on the bench. He walks towards the trees looking around him.
A young woman with crinkly red hair.
She chews on a pencil.  Caption: Jess the student.  She puts down her pencil, searches for her phone on her desk, beside her Macbook laptop.
She ends the call. She looks around, frowning, listening.
She gets up, goes outside.  She wears a warm coat with fur-trimmed hood, a patterned scarf around her neck.  She climbs up the hillside, past trees and long grasses, pausing to look around her.
She arrives on a plateau on the hillside, near to James and Rick The sun shines down brightly on the three small figures.
The speaker can’tt be seen.
The three stand there, blinking in the sunshine, peering to see who is speaking.
James frowns.
Their shadows are cast long.
Rick shrugs, hand to his head.
Rick.
The wind blows his wiry hair.
Each of them shakes their head, James, Rick Jess.
They look around.
Rick laughs.
James waves his hands dismissively.
Rick sets off with James.  Jessica thinks for a moment, gives a “why not” smile and runs to join them.  They walk away from us towards the path through the trees, the men’s arms around Jessica’s shoulders.
The screen goes black.  A young woman, her mobile phone pressed to her ear.  Subtitle : No I couldn’t . I have to finish, really.  She hangs washing on a line title: No! What are you talking about? Of course yes, our luggage is ready.  She turns at the high-pitched sound.  title: Listen, I can’t talk right now. I have to leave you.  She ends the call , looks around her frowning.  Caption: Zoe, the next one.  Caption: What happens while – blank.
A film shot mostly in sombre greys with some colour highlights. Day. A couple stroll along a virtually deserted beach with a large dog lolloping behind them. A man jogs past. 
On a white background: What Happens While.
A BMW coupe pulls up beside the beach and a forty-something guy gets out, speaking on his phone.
He ends the call, then reaches into in his inside jacket pocket.
He takes out sunglasses and puts them on.
James. The businessman. Wearing a suit and carrying a beach bag, James makes a call as he walks.
Now bare chested,James sits on a towel on the beach, then lies back.
Slender,with short, sandy-coloured hair and a neat beard, James rubs his eyes, then , keeping them closed, picks up sand and lets it fall from his fingers.
He sits up.
He scans about.
He throws down his phone and gets up.
Wearing dark-coloured swimming trunks, James walks to the water's edge, then turns back, as if trying to locate the sound. 
He walks through the soft sand, stops and scans about, then returns to the water's edge.
Looking perplexed by the sound, he checks about him. Further round the coast, in the background, the towers and buildings of a power plant fringe the shore.
James' brow is furrowed as he walks back to his belongings on the beach and puts on his shirt. Two small boats bob about in the water behind him.
Dressed again, but minus his tie, James walks past leafy trees.
Walking through scrubland,he climbs a steep, dusty track.
A man holding a plastic cup taps the sides and sniffs. He's in late middle-age with strong features and a grizzled beard. 
Looking bored,the man who has wild, wiry, greying hair runs an index finger around the lid of the cup, then removes it. The cup is half full of clear dark liquid, which he studies before taking a sip.
Rick. The Retiree. Rick, who wears a vest top and a heavy chain around his neck,is sitting on a chair in a sun-dappled area of a park. He jiggles one knee up and down, edgily.
He puts his cup aside and claps his hands.
He takes his phone from a back pocket of his trousers and opens the cover.
Using his index finger, he scrolls through his contacts list to Craig Anderson and calls him.
Hearing the noise, he scans about.
Leaving his cup on a chair, Rick hurries away along a sandy path, scanning above him and about him, following the noise
A young woman.
Jess. The Student. Jess sits chewing a pencil, which she puts down to search for her phone beneath papers on her desk, on which there's also a laptop.
Jess who has long, curly auburn hair scans about her and looks puzzled.
Baffled by the sound,Jess gets up from her desk. Outside,wearing a Parka with a fur-trimmed hood, she looks about her then heads up a slope of tall grasses and scrubby bushes.
She pauses to listen,then disappears into the vegetation.
Jess, Rick and James are standing together.
They're in a sunny, sandy clearing. 
A wind is blowing as they all scan about for the owner of the voice. 
He claps a hand to his head.
They're all standing well apart.
They glance at each other. Rick shrugs and shakes his head.
Rick follows James.Jessica stares down and considers. 
She smiles and runs after them in the sunshine.
They walk off merrily towards trees beneath a clear blue sky.
Blackness.
A woman hangs out washing as she talks on her mobile: No, I couldn't. I have to finish,really. No! What are you talking about? Of course yes, our luggage is ready. Listen, I cannot talk right now. I have to leave you. 
Zoe. The next one
On a white background:what happens while.
