It's an early grey morning at an urban seaside. A couple dressed in warm clothes walk their great dane as a lone jogger rambles past. The sidewalk in the foreground that runs alongside a road is vacant.

A title reads: What happens while BLANK.

A white two-door coupe pulls up in front of the sidewalk. It's driven by a man in his forties who wears a business suit. Talking on his cell phone, he gets out holding a briefcase.

He opens his trunk.

Hanging up, he looks towards the sea.

He dons aviator sunglasses and his shoulders relax.

A title reads: James. The Businessman.

Moments later he strolls with a beach bag as he makes a call.

Still later his suit is balled up beside a towel laid out on the sand.

James lies back with his shirt off . He closes his eyes then rubs them. Relaxing his arms to his sides, he runs his fingers through the sand and squints up at the sky.

He sits up.

He glances over his shoulders.

Then he searches the ground around him.

He looks inquisitively around his towel then stands and walks towards the water in his black boxer briefs. On the opposite side of the bay, a smokestack looms over a city blurred by the haze. With his back to the cityscape, James walks barefoot in the sand scanning the area.

Giving up he turns back towards his clothes.

He pauses then looks searchingly in the direction of the city as he ambles back to the water.

Then he makes his way to his clothes, still scanning the landscape around him in search of the source of the sound.

He pulls on his light blue button down shirt.

Later, with his suit jacket open, he strolls beneath tall trees.

Then he climbs a well worn dirt path up a slope of cactuses and brush.

Elsewhere, hands tap a take out coffee cup.

A man in his sixties has unruly grey hair and a thick beard. He has tired green eyes.

He shakes his head.

He taps his coffee lid before removing it.

He swirls the dark liquid then takes a swig.

A title reads: 'Rick: the retiree'.  He places the lid on the park bench beside him then blows on his coffee. His right leg twitches impatiently. Sitting in the shade he wears an army green tank top that exposes his black tattoos on his upper arms. He sets down his coffee then claps his hands impatiently. He grabs a smart phone from his back pocket.

He scrolls through his contacts.

Then, settling on "Craig Anderson", he makes a call.

He squints toward the sky.

He squints upwards again.

Leaving his coffee on the bench he scans the sky  before heading off down a gravel path.

Elsewhere a girl in her early twenties with thick curly red hair sits before a laptop. A title reads: 'Jess, the student.'

She searches for her phone beneath a pile of papers on her desk.

Hanging up she surveys the room around her.

Hearing the noise again she stands.

Later outside, she wears a jacket and scarf.

She hikes up an overgrown grassy slope.

Her head turns sharply at the sound and she rushes off behind some tall grasses.

Moments later she joins James and Rick on a sandy plateau atop the hill.

Standing apart from each other they look around in confusion.

Searching for the voice; Rick makes a questioning gesture and James shields his eyes from the sun.

Rick nods.

Rick shrugs and shakes his head.

Rick follows James towards the trees.

Jessica raises her eyebrow then grins.

She chases after the men and James puts his arm around her as they fall into step with each other.

All goes black.

A woman's on her phone and a subtitle reads, 'No, I couldn't. I have to finish, really.'

'No!' she says, 'What are you talking about? Of course yes, our luggage is ready.'

She looks for the sound, then says, 'Listen, I cannot talk right now. I have to leave you'.

A title reads, 'Zoe, the next one.'

all goes black then words on a screen read; What happens while BLANK.

